What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you needd to do it?
	
	When a new git repository is initialized, a hidden file called .git is
	generated. It possibly contains all the metadata of the repository.
	It is necessory to do it because we want to indicate that it is a git
	repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think iy offers?

	It offers a control over what to commit and what not to commit at once.
	Before making a final commit it is better to upload it in the staging
	area and keep working on those files unitl its ready to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	In the staging area we can add only those files which presents one type
	of logicacl change and then make a commit instead of committing the
	whole project at once where not all the files change at one commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	When we want to try an experimental feature of the software or any
	different version with one logical change may or may not be followed by
	multiple logical changes, it is beter to change create a branch and
	continue working towards it.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They help understand what commits are parents of which commits and which
	commits are unreachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way er do?

	The result of merging the two branches together is that a new commit is
	created with two parent commits and we represent in the diagram the way
	we do is because diagram gives us visualization and better
	understanding.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Manually, it is tedious and cumbersome to merge the two files together
	and to see where to include what pieces of code. Whereas, there is exact
	solution to which pieces of the code are to be included or not.
	In automatic merging, the files are combined automatically. Hence, less
	tedious. But the problem of merge conflicts arise.

